a comic book with a great message it
shows ali imran crying after committing
one of Indonesia's deadliest bomb
attacks a tells the story of his journey
from being a young Muslim to become a
convicted terrorist the journey of his
remorse the 2002 bali bombing killed 202
people mostly foreign tourists to of
allium hans brothers have been executed
for their involvement allium on himself
was given a life sentence in a date
statement from prison Iman expresses his
sorrow for killing so many innocent
people I apologize for what I've done I
urge all my friends to never ever let
this happen again because a jihad like
this like the bomb attacks in barley is
wrong the comic will be distributed to
2,000 schools in Indonesia trying to
prevent young Indonesians from joining
extremist networks puppy yeah Omega what
I can't decide their jihad is wrong in
Bali they are not only non-muslims there
are also Muslims and contrary to what
the Bombers believe most non Muslims
have not done anything wrong allium on
himself went to an islamic boarding
school now he wants to warn these
students not to follow his footsteps a
very new and different way of combating
terrorism that hasn't been done before
in indonesia the comic also shows a
Muslim woman who lost her husband during
the attack by showing Muslims suffering
the makers of the book hope to convince
young readers to stay away from violence
Jana zombie what we hope is the people
with certain extremist ideas cannot
influence our young and offer naive
students with this book we hope they
cannot be recruited by certain networks
that according to me are still growing
in Indonesia the unlikely comic book
hero tells his audience to watch out for
recruiters that often operate through
family and religious networks Ali a
moment's message reaches these students
at an islamic boarding school in
Indonesia's capital were just over 12
months ago suicide attacks on two hotels
killed nine people and injured more than
50 step fasten al Jazeera Jack after